---
title: "Gnoppix Linux 24.3"
description: "Gnoppix Linux 24.3"
published: 2024-02-28
layout: post
published: true
comments: true
---

<sub><sub><sub> by Andreas Mueller 2024-02-28 <sub><sub><sub>

### Gnoppix 24.3: Bug Fixes, Visual Updates, and a New Community Project

We are pleased to announce the release of Gnoppix 24.3, a bugfix release focused on improving the overall user experience.

### Stability and Bug Fixes:

This release lays a solid foundation with a stable base system, ensuring a smooth and reliable experience.

### Visual Enhancements:
We've revamped the visual theme with a focus on modern aesthetics and usability.
The icon theme has also been updated, providing a more cohesive look and feel.

### New Community Project:
We're excited to announce a new community project: the LXDE/LXQt Desktop. This lightweight desktop environment offers a fast and efficient user experience, making it a great option for older machines or users who prefer a simpler desktop environment.

### Live Updates:
All the changes introduced in Gnoppix 24.3 are available for existing users through live updates. This means you can easily upgrade your system without having to download and install a new ISO image.

### Upgrade Path:
Existing Gnoppix users can upgrade to 24.3 through the built-in package manager. We recommend backing up your important data before performing any upgrades.

We encourage you to download Gnoppix 24.3 and experience the improvements for yourself. As always, we welcome your feedback and contributions to the Gnoppix project.

- Download: [Gnoppix download](https://gnoppix.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/GDP/pages/19922974/Download+Links)
- Gnoppix on Twitter: [Dont miss any news! Follow Gnoppix@Twitter](https://twitter.com/gnoppixlinux)


